## Reading Homework 2
#####Author:
Jianfeng Chen

jchen37@ncsu.edu

##### i. Paper Details
Apel, Sven, Christian Lengauer, Bernhard Möller, and Christian Kästner. "An algebraic foundation for automatic feature-based program synthesis." Science of Computer Programming 75, no. 11 (2010): 1022-1047.

#####ii. Keywords and Definitions
<b>ii1. Feature-oriented software development(FOSD)</b>
Feature-oriented software development is a paradigm that provides formalisms, methods, and tools for building variable software.

<b>ii2. Software feature</b>
A software feature is a characteristic that reflests shareholder's requirement and is typically an increment in functionality.

<b> ii3. Feature structure tree</b>
A tree data structure that represents the layer/hierarchy relationship between different features in one software product/ computer programming.

<b> ii4. Quark model</b>   
Quark model raised in this paper is to provide a concise notation and formalism to represent features consisting of introductions and modifications, which are also defined inthis paper.

##### iii. Brief notes  
<b> iii1. Motivational Statements</b>  
The author of this paper tried to build an algebra system. The algebra provides a formalism to express the necessary abstraciton from the implement level, as well as the reasoning about softeare architectures.

<b> iii2. Informative visualizations</b>  
In this paper, the author provided us a very simple example and build several feature trees for them. Such as,
[visualization] (./2visualization.png)

<b> iii3. Checklists</b>  
The main purpose for this paper is to introudce an algebraic system to express the operations for feature model. Consequently, in this paper, the author first defined the feature model the expression system for them; then define some basic operations: composition, introductions, modifications, etc.; finally combine them by the quark model.

<b> iii4. Related Work</b>  
gDeep is a calculus for features and feature composition independently of a particular labguage. HOFNER et al. have developed an algebra for expressing software and hardware variabilitites in form of features.

Also, features are implemented not only by source code. Several tools support the feature-based composition of non-source code artifacts. 

##### iv. Three ways the paper could be improved.  
<b> iv1. Visualized the quark model</b>  
Quark model is the combination/conclusion in this paper. I think the author should apply the model into the former example and visualize them as other operations shown before (composition, introduction, modification, etc.)

<b> iv2. Give more example in other feature model</b>  
The Java package example is used to illustrate the algebraic foundation in this paper. However feature model is widely used in software product development. More examples should be given in the paper, so that the reader can get further understanding of the paper.


<b> iv3. Metaphor</b>   
This paper defined an algebraic system for feature model operation. All operations are very similiar to the real-number algebraic. So I think the author can compare them withe the basic real number operation.