## Reading Homework 3
#####Author:
Jianfeng Chen

jchen37@ncsu.edu

##### i. Paper Details
Lauenroth, Kim, Klaus Pohl, and Simon Toehning. "Model checking of domain artifacts in product line engineering." Automated Software Engineering, 2009. ASE'09. 24th IEEE/ACM International Conference on. IEEE, 2009.

#####ii. Keywords and Definitions
<b>ii1. Product line engineering</b>  
Product line engineering is a development paradigm that explicitly address reuse by differentiating between domain engineering and application engineering. Specifically, in software engineering, model checking is an established technique for verifying development artifacts in requirements engineering, design, realization and test in different domains.

<b>ii2. Model checking</b>  
Model checking is a technique for quality assurance that facilitates the verification of properties of a system.

<b>ii3. Variability</b>  
The variability model is interpreted as a set of variants V where each variant vi is represented by a Boolean variable. The variability and constraints dependencies of the variability model are translated into Boolean expressions over the variables of the variation points and variants.

<b> ii4. Domain artifact verification</b>  
Domain artifacts verification is to verify that every possible product that can be derived from a domain artifact fulfills the specified properties.

##### iii. Brief notes  
<b>iii1. Motivational Statements</b>  
This paper aims in extending existing mode checking approaches to facilitate the verification of domain artifacts in product line engineering.

<b> iii2. Informative visualizations</b>  
To introduce the orthogonal variability model, the author used a very simple figure to explaain that,
![visualization] (./3visualization.png)

<b> iii3. Data</b>  
Two model used in the experiment. The first one consists of five variable I/O-automata and an orthogonal variability model which specifies six variation points and 14 variants. Overall 189 products can be derived from this specification. The second one is much larger. It is a realistic specification. It consists of six variable I/O-automata and the orthogonal variability model of the specification consists of ten variation points and 46 variants and allows the derivation of 237 different products. The product automaton of the specification consists of more than 68.000 states and 174.000 transitions.

<b> iii4. Related Work</b>  
Classen et al. describe the general problem of determining whether a set of features can be composed as a problem called "safe composition"; Delaware introduced Lightweight Feature Java(LFJ) to formalize feature-based product lines. Liu proposed an incremental and compositional model-checking technique for performing sequential compositions of different features of a product line.

##### iv. Three ways the paper could be improved.  
<b> iv1. Baseline result</b>  
No baseline result was given in the paper. Actually that is a smart model in the paper. Thus it should be faster than the others'. But the author did not give the baseline result. Giving that can make the paper more persuasive.

<B> iv2. Future work</b>  
The resule was good in the paper. But does it contain any defects? Any work in the future? This should be listed at the end of this paper.


<b> iv3. Show the result tendency</b>   
Mentioned in iv1, the paper lacked basedline result. Also, due to the lacking of experiment instances, the author did not show the result tendency. Whether this method can apply for all instances? Is it always faster than other methods?
