## Reading Homework 4
#####Author:
Jianfeng Chen

jchen37@ncsu.edu

##### i. Paper Details
Apel, Sven, Christian Kastner, and Christian Lengauer. "FEATUREHOUSE: Language-independent, automated software composition." Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on Software Engineering. IEEE Computer Society, 2009.

#####ii. Keywords and Definitions
<b>ii1. Software composition</b>  
Software composition is the process of constructing software systems from a set of software artifacts.

<b>ii2. Artifact</b>  
An artifact can be any kind of information that is part of or related to software, e.g., code units (packages, classes, methods, etc.) or supporting documents (models, documentation, makefiles, etc.).

<b>ii3. Superimposition</b>  
Superimposition is the process of composing software artifacts by merging their corresponding substructures.

<b> ii4. Feature structure tree</b>  
A feature structure tree represents the essential modular structure of a software artifact and abstracts from language-specific details.

##### iii. Brief notes  
<b>iii1. Motivational Statements</b>  
While there are various tools that support superimposition for code artifacts and non-code artifacts, they appear all different, are dedicated to and embedded differently in their respective host languages, and their implementation and integration requires a major effort.

<b> iii2. Informative visualizations</b>  
To illustrate the construction of FEATUREHOUSE-FSTGENERATOR, the author use a figure to show it--
![visualization] (./4visualization.png)

<b> iii3. Data</b>  
In section 4, the author introduced 8 case studies. The LOC of these cases ranged from 300 to about 60,000. Also, the programming language were from JavaCC, Haskell, C to un-coding language, e.g. XML, text.

<b> iii4. Future work</b>  
In the next step, they will evaluate whether an XML schema plus attributes can play the role of FEATUREBNF; or they will explore how XML languages can be integrated better.

##### iv. Three ways the paper could be improved.  
<b> iv1. Baseline result</b>  
Indeed FEATUREHOURSE is a promising model for automated software composition. But in the past, some researchers did related work, although they could do the cross-language composition. The author should compare the past model into his new model for the applicable model for them. This is the baseline result.

<B> iv2. Formal definitions</b>  
FEATUREBNF is an extremely important term in this paper. But the author did not give us formal definition for it. Actually the expression abilities of FEATUREBNF is essential when analyzing the ability of the FEATUREHOUSE.


<b> iv3. Visualize the result</b>   
All results are listed as a table in the paper. Actually, to help reader understand the result, the author can use some visualization techniques, such as histogram graph, x-tile, etc.
