## Reading Homework 5
#####Author:
Jianfeng Chen

jchen37@ncsu.edu

##### i. Paper Details
Apel, Sven, et al. "Detecting dependences and interactions in feature-oriented design." Software Reliability Engineering (ISSRE), 2010 IEEE 21st International Symposium on. IEEE, 2010.

#####ii. Keywords and Definitions
<b>ii1. Feature-oriented software development(FOSD)</b>  
FOSD aims at the construction, customization, and synthesis of large-scale software systems.

<b>ii2. Software feature</b>  
A feature is a unit of functionality that satisfies a requirement, represents a design decision and provides a potential configuration option.

<b>ii3. Collaboration</b>  
A collaboration is a set of program elements that cooperate systematically to implement a feature.

<b> ii4. FeatureAlloy</b>  
FeatureAlloy is Alloy enhanced with support for conllaboration-based design and stepwise refinement. With FeatureAlloy, a developer can model features separately and reason about their different combinations.

##### iii. Brief notes  
<b>iii1. Motivational Statements</b>  
Typically in FOSD, a set of features and their relationships are identified in an analysis step, caled the domain analysis, then the features are implemented right away. They do not take much advantage of contemporary design methods.

<b> iii2. Informative visualizations</b>  
To illustrate the collaboration-based design, the author use a figure to show it--
![visualization] (./5visualization.png)

<b> iii3. Tutorial materials</b>  
Alloy is a lightweight, texual modeling language for software design, developed by mit (alloy.mit.edu). To help the reader understand alloy, the author introduced the alloy with the help of a simple example. To explain the alloy model-"simple graph", he or she firsted gave the demo code corrosponded to the figure1, and then explained it line-by-line.

<b> iii4. Future work</b>  
There were three promising avenues of future research. First is to enhance FeatureAlloy's capabilities to check features in isolation. Second is to move the dependence and interaction analysis from after to before composition time. Third is to carry the results of the feature-oriented design phase over to the implementation phase.

##### iv. Three ways the paper could be improved.  
iv1. FeatureAlloy is a novel way to detect dependences and interactions in feature-oriented designe. But in the past, some researchers did related work.The author should compare the past model into his new model for the applicable model for them. This is the baseline result.

iv2. Try large model. All studied cases in section IV are small/medium size cases. Should the author try large models, such as Unix opreating system kernel? Can FeatureAlloy analysis such kind of large model? Is it efficient?

iv3. Gave some demostration for the alloy analyzer. In the paper, the author did give us one transcation from the "simple graph model" to alloy code. However, in order to let the reader understand the power of alloy, he or she should give an demo result for the alloy analyzer.
