## Reading Homework 7
#####Author:
Jianfeng Chen

jchen37@ncsu.edu

##### i. Paper Details
Classen, Andreas, et al. "Featured transition systems: Foundations for verifying variability-intensive systems and their application to LTL model checking." Software Engineering, IEEE Transactions on 39.8 (2013): 1069-1089.

#####ii. Keywords and Definitions
<b>ii1. Variability intensive</b>  
The SPL, which variability plays an important role, is termed variability intensive.

<b>ii2. Software feature</b>  
A feature is a unit of functionality that satisfies a requirement, represents a design decision and provides a potential configuration option. It is the first-class abstractions that shape the reasoning of the engineers and other stakeholders.

<b>ii3. Transition systems</b>  
A transition system(TS) is a directed graph whose transitions are labeled with actions, and wheose states are labeled with atomic propositions.

<b> ii4. Featured LTL</b>  
A FTS verification model that do parallel composition, deadlock checking, vacuity detection in linear logic time.

##### iii. Brief notes
<b>iii1. Motivational Statements</b>  
Building variability-intensive systems has inherent advantages. But the complexity created by the variability leads to the problems. In the current state of SPLE, most analysis are thus carried out when building a product; only a few are conducted during domain engineering, that is, build the assets from which products are derived.

<b> iii2. Informative visualizations</b>  
In this paper, the author assumed that the reader understands the automated theory and formal verification. To help readers get the point of FTS, they gave an example for the vending machine--
![visualization] (./7visualization.png)

<b> iii3. Tutorial materials</b>  
The FLTL was built on an existed FTS. To review the FTS, the author introduced how to model with FTS before. He gave the syntax and semantics of the FTSs, which were key notions for his new models.

<b> iii4. Future work</b>  
In the current model, real-time model checking is not implemented; thus, in the future, they will try to transpose their techniques to real-time model checking.

##### iv. Three ways the paper could be improved.
iv1. Try to highlight the benchmark result table. In the paper, figure 7 was a huge table showing the benchmark results. In order to emphasis the main improvements, the author can highlight some terms of the table by bold font.

iv2. Give a brief frame of the model. In section 4&5, the author introduced different parts of the model; however, the reader might be confused how different parts were combined together. It would be better if a frame figure for the model is provided.

iv3. One of defects in this paper was that it did not provide the source code and bench mark data to the public. Some researches might want to reproduce the model and compare the time/efficiency to the original paper.
