## Reading Homework 8
#####Author:
Jianfeng Chen

jchen37@ncsu.edu

##### i. Paper Details
Siegmund, Norbert, et al. "Predicting performance via automated feature-interaction detection." Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Software Engineering. IEEE Press, 2012.

#####ii. Keywords and Definitions
<b>ii1. Feature interaction</b>  
Features that perform one way in isolation may behave differently when other features are present; interactions may affect semantics as well as performance of the overall system.

<b>ii2. Feature model</b>  
A feature model, a standard idea in product-line engineering, defines features and their relationships. Features are decomposed into a hierarchical structure and are marked as mandatory, optional, or mutually exclusive.


<b>ii3. Feature composition</b>  
If program P consists of features a, b, and c, we write: P = a.b.c where .denotesthe associative and commutative composition of features.

<b> ii4. SPL Conqueror</b>  
SPL Conqueror is an improved tool to measure performace, detect feature interacitons adn predict performance in an automated manner.

##### iii. Brief notes
<b>iii1. Motivational Statements</b>  
The main purpose for this paper was to predict a configuration’s non-functional
properties for a specific workload based on the user-selected features. But many of these properties are connected, making the problem difficult. This paper is to solve such kind of problem.

<b> iii2. Informative visualizations</b>  
Very colorful and clear percentage of measurements comparision.
![visualization] (./8visualization.png)

<b> iii3. Sampling procedures</b>  
In this paper, the author selected three customizable programs and three product lines with different characteristics to cover a broad spectrum scenarios. Their domain ranged from database, web server to compiler, etc. Also, their language were different--C/Java/C++. These various model making the model (although extremely simple) persuasive/

<b> iii4. Related work</b>  
Many other researchers focused on the performance prediction. Some of them are model-base. Paper " Model-based performance prediction in software development" listed linear and multiple regression explore relationships between input parameters and measures.
Other method included measurement-based. Sincero et al. predict a configuration's non-functional properties based on a knowledge base consisting of measurements of already produced and measured configurations.

##### iv. Three ways the paper could be improved.
iv1. One of the annoying part in this paper is the footnotes. There are many long, essential footnotes in this paper. Actually they're introducing the backgrounds, which were related to this context. Thus, I think the author should put these footnotes in the text.

iv2. In section III figure 1b, the figure was not informative. The author might not understand the inaccuracy compared to figure 1a, since the implication line has no direction with Delta(t_b*i). More explanation was needed here.

iv3. At the end of this paper, the author did not point out the drawbacks of his linear model. Future works were not listed neither. In the perspective of a completed paper, the future work should be mentioned here.
